





Hello there , and good morning.  
TOday is 10/22/2023 , and my name is Vampeyer , aka Kloudhopper or Digsby. 


I am spending today learning this language and apparently tools that come with , 
Called Java. 

Although with some similarities to C or C++ , having a compiler , 

there are also some key differences , as their is not only a compiler , 
that will compile the written , and readable Java  language , 
into a file 
that then contains the instructions and data that was in the original .java file , 

however , the file being outputted , will then be executable.  
I am not certain yet , what exactly this JRE is , 
or this JDK , JRE being a JAva runtime environment , 
as well as the JDK or JAva development kit. 


_---------------------------------------------
 Current  Biographical notes aka 
a Current Biography : 
onfiguring th
--- There seems to be some correlation between this and the C languqge and just how or why they were developed. 
in the 1980's , by 
Dennis MacAlistair Ritchie  and Ken Thompson.     

C was made so that anybody could write code , 
CREATE EXACUTABLE PROGRAMS , and run them on their own machine. 

 - This was also used to give critical information , tools 
    and hope to the people for a future. 

The code , as well as Java code, takes the code that one places inside a file , 
 a file with a .java extension on the end , and allocating the OS to recognize it as  a JAVA file. 


That code is then compiled into a executable file  , or , one that can actually run on machines , 
and run the program that the programmer has placed into the file. 

More importantly , the programmer does not place all of the code directly into the executable , as a person cannot easily 
re - code , or re  - read the file , but that file when opened , 
will execute the program on the machine. 

You can go ahead and open the file with a compression tool like 7 - zip or peazip , 
( the compression and decompression is also part of the compilation process in some sorts )   

and look at the file yourself , the executable file will not be human readable , and will contain the jibberish. 




Java is cool and seems fun because of seperate JDK for compilation into a executable , from a jar. 
and 
the JRE Java Runtinme Engine to run java code 




























